application: serial_lte_modem Handle TCP/UDP datamode requirements (#3616)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: applications/serial_lte_modem/doc/Generic_AT_commands.rst

   AT#XSLMUART=?
   #XSLMUART: (1200, 2400, 4800, 9600, 14400, 19200, 38400, 57600, 115200, 230400, 460800, 921600, 1000000)

> SLM DATA MODE CONTROL #XDATACTL

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SLM data mode control #XDATACTL
```

===============================

> The ``#XDATACTRL`` command configures size or time limit for data mode.

Author: Applied

> The ``#XDATACTRL`` command configure size or time limit for data mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``#XDATACTRL`` command configures a size or time limit for data mode.
```

Set command
-----------

> The set command configures size or time limit for data mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The set command configures a size or time limit for data mode.
```

Author: > Does any of the example output in https://developer.nordicsemi.com/nRF_Connect_SDK/doc/latest/nrf/applications/serial_lte_modem/doc/slm_description.html#testing need updates to show the pattern string?

This PR does not update previous AT command interface so no change is needed

Syntax
~~~~~~

::

   #XDATACTRL=<size_limit>,<time_limit>

The ``<size_limit>`` parameter is an integer.

> It is the size limit in data mode and accepts an value less than 1024.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It indicates the size limit in data mode and accepts any value less than 1024.
```

The ``<time_limit>`` parameter is an integer.

> It is the time limit (in milliseconds) in data mode and accepts an value less than 10000.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It indicates the time limit (in milliseconds) in data mode and accepts any value less than 10000.
```

> By default neither size limit nor time limit is defined for data mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, neither a size limit nor a time limit is defined for data mode.
```

> By default, neither a size limit nor a time limit is defined for data mode.

Reviewer: You have 1024 in the example below, so I assume it is "up to" and not "less than". How about the 10000 - is this any value <10000 or <=10000?

> By default, neither a size limit nor a time limit is defined for data mode.

Author: Same, <=10000ms , i.e. 10s

Response syntax
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

There is no response.

Example
~~~~~~~

::

   AT#XDATACTRL=1024,5000
   OK

Read command
------------

The read command shows the current size and time configurations for data mode.

Syntax
~~~~~~

::

   AT#XDATACTRL?

Response syntax
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

::

   #XDATACTRL: <size_limit>,<time_limit>

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

* The ``<size_limit>`` parameter is an integer.
  It indicates the configured size limit in data mode.
* The ``<time_limit>`` parameter is an integer.
  It indicates the configured time limit (in milliseconds) in data mode.
```

Author: Applied
